Pop Quiz

1. If my project folder is in my home directory, give me a cli command to get to it from anywhere
cd ~

2. I have made changes to 4 files in my project, I want to add all of those changes, what it the correct command to use?
git add . 

3. I have made changes to 4 files in my project, I want to add the changes from all but one of those files, what it the correct command to use?
git add file_a file_b file_c

4. Explain what mv does and give an example of how to use it.
mv is a cli command for move, example: moving a file to another folder in workspace called class_work   mv file.txt ../class_work   

5. I made committed changes to my main branch by mistake. Do I have to redo those changes on a new branch?
no. 

6. If not, what should I do?
create a new branch- push that branch to the remote, then go back to main and reset the local commits git reset --hard origin/(main name)

7. What is the difference between git add . and git commit -a?
Git add . is all files and git commit -a is for those that are tracked.

8. What does rm do? How is it used with directories?
rm removes, you can remove directories with rm -r folder-name 

9. Once I've staged my changes in git, what do I have to do next?
git commit

10. How can I override something in a css file? Give at least one example.
place styke within the head of the html document, or within the html element tag itself within the body

11. How do I link my css to my html page?
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"/>

12. What is the output of this code?
The value of x is $x

$x = 0;
if($x){
    echo "The value of x is $x";
} else {
    echo 'The value of x is $x';
}





Week 4

1: How do I see previous commits?

git log

2: what command do I use to see all files in directory?

ls -a

3:What command tells you which directory you are in?

pwd

4: what is the difference between single and double quotes?

single treats what is in the string as verbatim, double will translate the variables in string 

5: what are the 4 false php values?

0. '', null, false

6: what goes in th head tag?

the elements that are intangible ex: css file, meta tags etc.

7: why use class property over ID?

class can modify many elements, and elements can have many different class properties wheras an element can only have one ID. 

8: explain what $_Post is in php?

an array

9: what html property is used to populate the post array in php?

$

10: when should I use inline styles?

override anything in the css

11:What are the order of operations for got workflow?

git clone
cd directory
git checkout branch -b branch-name
create and update files
git add . (or individualy)
git commit -m "message here"
git push -u origin branch-name
follow link and create pull request
add a reviewer, assign yourself as author 
once approved merge
git checkout main
git pull -p 


12: the message in the php?

end processing 





